let's go live to Gaza now where a
government spokesperson is giving an
update on the situation let's listen in
many children and women were living this
is a horrific crime 70% of the Marty
were from women and children including
280 medical staff and and 26 from the
paramedics and many
journalists the missing people is now
amounting to
7,500 e either under the rub the rubble
or we don't know what happened to them
the number of wounded people amounted to
is now over 40,000
people during the ongoing genocide that
is being committed in Gaza the situation
is very dangerous especially that the
human humanitarian AIDS and the
medicines are not being allowed to
access Gaza including fuel this is a
policy that will destroy Gaza and no
life will remain in
Gaza all the different infrastructure
are now paralyzed this is condemning the
life of more than 2 million gazan people
and killing them with
premeditation in addition to that and
moreover there is also a catastrophic
situation imposed by the Israeli
occupation forces on the civilians by
destroying over 60% of the housing and
resid residential buildings given that
the taking into consideration that the
winter season will start soon this is
part of the genocide being committed by
Israel as the health infrastructure is
collapsing especially in Northern Gaza
and the target and attacking several
medical staff and ambulance Vehicles the
situation
is unprecedented hundred dozens of
houses are being attacked on a daily
basis killing people and causing many
injured whereas the relief and the
paramedics cannot reach those places
where the massacres are being committed
which means which is resulting in the
death of many people and some others
staying for days under the rubble
without being pulled from the rebble
this is due to the fact that the Israeli
forces are attacking 80% of all the
relief equipment that we have and we are
running out of fuel to to be able to
work with the remaining uh functioning
equipment the Israeli forces is trying
to manipulate
the public opinion when it comes to the
assistance those assistance that the
assistance that arrives to Gaza during
the truce or the ceasefire does not even
cover 1% of the needs of gazan people
and given that all the crossings are
being closed our Palestinian people are
also still subjected to uh starvation
policy which is also indicating that
there will be a
disaster in Gaza especially that there
is no food when it comes to food and
water the situation is very dire it is
also very difficult to get food and
different
vital food also that given that it's not
available in the
marketplace as our people in Gaza
continue to hold up we would like to
confirm on the following we still hold
the International Community and Israel
and the United Nations responsible
especially the secretary of state of the
United States for supporting and
accepting the genocide and they gave the
green light to eliminate all the
Palestinians either by killing them or
by displacing them the whole word is
witnessing this the the unconditional
support that the United States is
providing to Israel which is not in line
with international law we demand all the
countries of the world to intervene in
order to put an end to this crazy war
and to stop the Bloodshed here in
Gaza
second in this starvation policy we
demand that food trucks should be
allowed to Gaza every day and to allow
million to allow many liters of fuel to
enter Gaza so that we can save what can
be saved in Gaza and to save as many
people as possible third we demand all
the free world and the Arab countries to
help Gaza before it's too late we are
here warning the world in all languages
and we warn the international
organizations and we invite them to come
to Gaza and witness this catastrophic
situation that did not stop for the
health sector
needs urgently help especially hos on
the field hospitals in order to try to
save the lives of thousands of of
wounded people who suffered from the war
we also demand
that thousands of injured who suffered
from the war to be able to transfer them
especially those in critical condition
to the
Arab we have been listening there to the
Gaza government spokesperson isma Al
who's giving an update on the situation
there were more than 100 people have
been killed in an Israeli strike on the
jabalia refugee camp he was saying that
more than 40,000 people have been
injured since the attacks began on
October the 7th